\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename sysrss.info
@settitle sysrss
@afourpaper
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@finalout
@c %**end of header


@c @defindex op
@c @synindex op vr
@c @synindex cp pg


@copying
This manual is for sysrss.

Copyright @copyright{} 2012, 2013 Mattias Andrée

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying


@ifnottex
@node Top
@top sysrss
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@titlepage
@title sysrss
@subtitle Let your system generate a maintenance notification RSS
@author Mattias Andrée, maandree@@member.fsf.org
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@page
@*@*
@center{`Oh, hello little daemon spawn.'}
@end titlepage

@contents


@menu
* Overview::                        Overview of @command{sysrss}
* Invoking::                        Invoking @command{sysrss}
* Configuring::                     Configuring @command{sysrss}
* License of sysrss::               Summary of the license of the program
* GNU General Public License::      The license of the program
* GNU Free Documentation License::  The license of this manual
* Concept index::                   Concept index
@end menu



@node Overview
@chapter Overview
@cindex overview
@cindex description

SysRSS a program that you run either daemonised or just in a
@command{screen}, or however you want, that let you set up
``sites'' that runs in a loops with a time interval that you
choose. These ``sites'' are rutines that generates RSS feeds
that you can syndicate to in your RSS-aggregator (normally
your e-mail client can do that) to monitor something. If
that you are monitoring will require urgent attention you
should not use this program, but rather use a program that
e-mail's your something that you will notice directly, rather
that once every hour or so. SysRSS is very similar to cron,
the main difference is that it makes it easy to generate RSS
for monitoring.


@node Invoking
@chapter Invoking
@cindex invoking
@cindex arguments
@cindex options
@cindex executing
@cindex running

@command{sysrss} is awesome, it does not take any arguments,
just run it.


@node Configuring
@chapter Configuring
@cindex configuring
@cindex settings
@cindex sites
@cindex rc
@cindex @file{~/.sysrss/sites}

When you start SysRSS for the first time it will generate
@file{~/.sysrss/sites}, which is a Python 3 script, for you.
In this file you configure SysRSS's jobs. To create a job, add

@example
self.sites.append(Site(TITLE, INTERVAL, SITE))
@end example

where @code{TITLE} is the title that the generated RSS news
item should have, @code{INTERVAL} is the number of minutes
between each run of the job, and @code{SITE} is a function
that you define earlier in the script.

The @code{SITE} function should have no parameters and return
a string that is the message that the generated RSS news item
should have. If an empty string is returned no news item is
generated.



@node License of sysrss
@appendix License of sysrss

@flushleft
sysrss – Let your system generate a maintenance notification RSS

Copyright © 2012, 2013  Mattias Andrée (maandree@@member.fsf.org)

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
@end flushleft

@node GNU General Public License
@appendix GNU General Public License
@include gpl.texinfo

@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texinfo

@node Concept index
@appendix Concept index
@printindex cp

@c @node Concept and program index
@c @appendix Concept and program index
@c @printindex pg

@c @node Variable and option index
@c @appendix Variable and option index
@c @printindex vr


@bye

